---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: 'Welcome to Lance~'
date: 2022-04-12T21:08:30.000Z
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/Lance.png
description: Welcome to lance - the people's blog, portfolio, and publisher
tags:
  - first
  - welcome
  - lance
---
# Howdy!
**Welcome to Lance~**, a place for you to write, publish, and distribute your own work to readers, viewers and listeners around the world. We are run by passionate self-publishers who love to learn, be creative, share knowledge, and be part of a community.

Every day we gather together to talk about what we love most: creating books, finding readers, finding success, and building a community. We’re seeking to develop a global online community where all writers, regardless of their genre, the size of their audience, or the level of their ability, can develop, learn, and share.

Here at Lance, you can read our blog posts, submit content to the site, join discussions, and get involved.

Find a blog post you like? Post it to the blog, write a review or share it with your followers! Join discussions and start conversations!

## How does this work?

Simply join our Discord and submit your raw file, we'll work our magic and publish it to our site, for free! 
For more information or an invite to the site, visit our Contact page.

And if you are interested in working with us to get your work published and published for you, consider joining the conversation on our forums. We are always looking for new writers to help us grow, and we know that our readers and listeners will be willing to help in your success.

Do you have a business idea for a product that could help in the development of our online community? We're always seeking talented people with strong business acumen and entrepreneurial ideas, we're a growing group of talented people who share a common vision and want to build an incredible site for writers. If you are interested in getting involved with our vision, read on!

Lance is looking for new writers who are interested in writing in a variety of genres: science fiction and fantasy, horror, romance, action adventure, mystery, fantasy, literary fiction, young adult, nonfiction, general fiction, etc. We are seeking to expand our product offerings to help aspiring writers and learners to find the right genre for them.

## Lance is seeking:

– writers and editors interested in placing well-written manuscripts for sale

– writers and editors who are interested in learning how to work with their published book for the digital age

– writers and editors interested in learning how to market their books for sale

– writers and editors who have interesting ideas for new books and instructional materials

- artists, podcasters , journalists, and all sorts of other creative talents that might lend themselves to new products that help readers connect to content

### Visit our jobs page to learn more and fill out our submission form!

